Corsi oh yeah that's the only how it
goes Fox and Gannon can really make
people cry have they got enough here and
still back - tag di prevents something
in question Wow Wow
that was an amazing response by Raycom
[Music]
no space on I'm like those other sets
today really finding problems
I'm problems really from trying to find
his footing in this match up and get it
get that classic pressure that he
applies on everybody here it is uh gaps
down throw listen right here but off
response very calm and you know Ganon's
up aired starts surprisingly low whoop
oh my god that would've thought I'm not
gonna live again in his rage now Oh
something definitely should have offered
for the backer tie definitely one that
guaranteed to hit combo into the into
death oh wow
space song just he gets his - attack and
space on his a player who prides himself
on his pressure game and quick combo
abilities but every once in a while he
sees is this glimmer of intelligence
where he just jumps up and he feels so
conditioned from being combo so heavily
and he just jumps up come waits for that
air dodge that was one of those showings
[Music]
up top big damage at town beyond my god
oh let's reverse the footstool yeah the
same time the top into his favorite good
- tax break on me or adopting the up air
and wow you know this match was close at
one point believe it or not space song
is just taking the reigns of this match
and it's just this should be it pushes
himself back then forward with the EFT
oh great sounds like I know you're gonna
try to go for that side V I'm not
interested oh my god oh my god I care
guard wow wow
[Applause]
[Music]
oh dude yo please that's a top what that
has to be number one of the next top
plays a little dude that's beyond
shallow rough status my friend that is
beep on Shadow Realm
dear Lord oh my go I can't even
concentrate right now it's just
rebuilding this dog is is oh my god is
hella bad you can see it on his face
oh my god commits to another - - just
like the first time
oh my god my god every comments is ready
to ride if I tie this box I need help
Mayday
hey I can't breathe my god
I can't call it a - I can't get
replaceable please oh my god not again
not again
oh okay we got the combos come again
Oh break house look at it he wants to
end this right now
[Music]
this is this the grand finale for Fox
stress off my health patient oh my god
tries to go for less trouble won't my
god I think he does not care shoot me he
says shoot me in the jail I'm a thug
ain't going back to jail the patient
that's - / - we have to read oh my god
EPA lock all that's it that's it this is
detecting a lie he had that first game
hella hard in the bag but yeah
can I see some klappas in the Tiber dude
can I see some Claudius and clappers
clapping clap speak Wow
I don't want words I'm trying to say
words but I don't have them huh how to
talk dear Lord
Rekha